is  a positive video with
tis  a video dicenta problem
we  actually have the means
my  father once ran into a
at  a party i think was a cocktail party their standing on a chap
he  will insure you do in the surgeon tells
my  father says well that must be terribly depressing why because
quite  upset and emphatic and said my father now you got it dead wrong
orion  cancer every day as positive and uplifting and inspiring because guess what i get to go to work
make  a difference self problems change people's lives
perform  surgery and then of course the surer
follow  you there that makes the difference between people live people want to
and  if you wonder the pressing
go  to all the other departments of the hospital where they work on people
where  the doctor really can't
so  there's mine
i'm  talking about a problem that we can solve rather right now to day to morrow it's something
could  only cups
financial  accountability to doors on you to
you  can do
five  minutes
like  that i'm going to talk you through how it's done by contrast by the way improving your video
quality
so  quality improving your lighting on you
a  lot of work takes a lot of time and a lot of money for the tube were involved believe me i
know  of struggle with it and
fundamental  premise the thing here is
if  you are asking for
do  have to provide for your audience
kind  of accountability
you  don't have to account for where every dollar that gets
especially  not if
electricity
the  viewers have a right to know the man
out  of you to be out of pain
of  the
what  i see happening right now
objectively
jacklin  glad
jimmy  door from even a really big tubers like filled
i  see them playing this
i  shall get
where  they say the one audience oh you may imagine a making a lot of money
through  you to revenue through advertising
but  in fact my videos keep getting in
by  the big evil sense
we  all rely on and then they say donate
i  care about alight
say  that my grandmother asked
donate  to
i  would say no
there  were many reasons why would
one  reason i would say i'd say grandma
you  look at the financial
he
you  look at how much on
already
come
the
i  think any one who just looks for five minutes at the budget for pet up people who toils
they'll  come to the conclusion this is an organization that already had so much
anything  they aspired to do
there  already doing or
budget  is
themselves
in  whatever they
so  assuming my grandmother does not have like a hundred million dollars to get
if  she gives hundreds of millions of dollars to put up that could make some difference
but  here were so cute so enormous so huge your five dollar donation your ten dollar nation your
donation
i
now  back when i was doing videos about rights and
if  people give me just one thousand dollars oh yeah you better believe one thousand one
dollar  donation made a difference and this is the other thing that
very  intimate about the relationship
between  door and you be personality unlike any other kind
political  relationships
the
i  remember the first time i got a one thousand dollars in
before  i was on parian it was before as in any of these platforms
send  me a thousand dollars i forget it is just
how  the
just
and
over  preciation
the  video that it right the start of the channel about bud and you better believe that influence me
as  to who
there  is at least one person up there who really values is really getting something out of these educational
fitting  them but
could  see at that time i put a lot of effort
time  in the meeting more of video starting but bates
not  forever one things right up there my shelving shot the dangers of the angle
socrates  and the far
i  write a series of censors that love the publishers a story book socrates and the
fox  socrates in the panda
series  of dialogues been sorest animals i'd love to publish a story book i'd also love to make animated
videos
some  one were on eating just one thousand dollars towards that was getting antacostia a couple
thousand  dollars to put the words this proud
john  who for with it that would then have a decisive patience on the
continent  in creating and direction in my chair
so  this happens yes for small you do hers
for  you you do birds
but  at any size in any scale how can we responsibly
look  at jimmy door jacklin lynette franco and said well
this  person crying poor
without  would be ling
how  much money they are making from these different plans were they wont being what it is they
want  to accomplish if you gave them that one thousand
and  what are the financial constraints preventing them from doing it already right now now
obviously  i think all these people
deserve  to make a good living i don't think jimmie door should have to live in poverty of the jackanapes
but  with that level success that's no longer what were debating
we're  beating you know the fundamental question of
if  you're asking for
no  sar not asking for donations if all you do is make you toe videos and so the
and  you want to keep the money side of the game completely private i think you have the same right to do that
in  the sense that wolf is
or  you know cocoa and torfou are doing this in a purely
profit  mercenary basis with no donations
i  think that is a different thing but for most of us here including someone like philip to france philip the franco
in  his way is doing political analysis political commentary it's a political channel jimmy
door  people are donating there yet tallons he does
comedy  is jokes but in many many ways they're doing that like a political cause
the  advancement of political platform
how  can we do that jimmy
if  you don't take the five minutes
so  how much money you made out you
and  the last three months
from  marian my channel my tiny barely successful channel
i'm  going to screen shawanos you my blog every month exactly how much money
to  say exactly how
so  now that you that on the fifteenth day of each month so we go ask thirty day
thirty  thirty days we can put together a chart or what have you depending on your time on i think
to  day this is going up on the fourteenth reasoneth but i'm going to try to keep a regular schedule
and  one of the reasons i'm doing that is to show you yeah if you sit up to my patron
and  done one dollar it's really going to pick a difference and of course you can talk to me first
this  is also part of the dialogue that goes on here which doesn't exist
foundation  like pete or pure donating to him history political party if some one talks to
me  and says they want to donate money
support  the publication of a children's story book or making an animated video for the story book obviously
there  might be
function  and then they want to see a budget for that they want settlement
that's  understandable guys
is  not
then  the other methods of philanthropy that we have before
better  in every way but relies on this fundamental commitment to accountability
stops  with me as an individual that starts atoacan gleeson individual with filled the franks
you  are not willing to take a screech out of the google analytics page when your revenue
you're  not really in a position to cry poor
and  go begging your audience because quantunque you lost so much money due to the demonisation
inside  is like me we know how that works yes it may be cutting
into  your revenue but the total amount of revenue there and whether or not it
able  to ask for thousands of dollars of donations that will just disappear with no particular
function  or outcome promis
for  by that
gus  you're putting yourself in a great area
the  problem we can also today with wales ever thanks to upgrade
your
so  lighting